Clarify PoC'ing light-hotspot fees (#273)
helium/docs: docs/mine-hnt/light-hotspots/light-hotspots.mdx

* **Status: IN DEVELOPMENT**

When  Milestone 1.5 is done, Light Hotspots that will not participate in Proof of Coverage can be formally added to blockchain by anyone and be seen on the [Helium Coverage Map](https://explorer.helium.com/hotspots). These Light Hotspots will be required to pay $20 transaction fee to join the blockchain, and $10 assert location fee. (Full Hotspots pay $40 and $10 for add assert, respectively.) 

> At this phase, Light Hotspots will be onboarded using the [Helium Wallet CLI](https://github.com/helium/helium-wallet-rs), and **will not earn any HNT**. Upgrading these Light Hotspots to allow them to participate in Proof of Coverage will not be possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this phase, Light Hotspots will be onboarded using the [Helium Wallet CLI](https://github.com/helium/helium-wallet-rs), and **will not earn any HNT**. Note: Once upgraded, these Light Hotspots will only earn HNT for transferring packets. They will not be eligible for Proof of Coverage mining rewards.
```
